Add draft of decision-making principles (#172)
bbc/tams: PRINCIPLES.md

# Principles

These principles describe both what TAMS is (and isn’t) as a technology, and also some of the principles that define it’s direction and development.
The TSC use these to guide technical decision making and shape the direction of the project.

## What is TAMS?

Overall, TAMS and the TAMS API is an interface for writing media to and reading it from a store.
It provides a framework for sharing that media between systems, solutions and organisations using a content-centric, cloud-native approach, all focused around a store (or a number of stores).

1. TAMS is designed to be interoperable.
   Having TAMS support should enable integration with other TAMS solutions, removing or minimising the need for bespoke integrations.
2. TAMS is agnostic to clouds, codecs, and containers.
   It may describe how to integrate with a particular technology, but the core API can be implemented in many ways for many purposes.
3. TAMS is for media.

>    While it also works for data (and has data as a supported type) it is primarily designed for media-like workflows on a timeline.

Author: Better?
```suggestion
   It is primarily designed for media-like workflows on a timeline, however it also works for data-as-media that is accessed through the index of time (and as such, has data as a supported type).
```
